<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN" "http://www.w3.org/Math/DTD/mathml2/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"><!--This file was converted to xhtml by LibreOffice - see http://cgit.freedesktop.org/libreoffice/core/tree/filter/source/xslt for the code.--><head profile="http://dublincore.org/documents/dcmi-terms/"><meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="application/xhtml+xml; charset=utf-8"/><title xml:lang="en-CA">- no title specified</title><meta name="DCTERMS.title" content="" xml:lang="en-CA"/><meta name="DCTERMS.language" content="en-CA" scheme="DCTERMS.RFC4646"/><meta name="DCTERMS.source" content="http://xml.openoffice.org/odf2xhtml"/><meta name="DCTERMS.issued" content="2017-07-10T13:20:45" scheme="DCTERMS.W3CDTF"/><meta name="DCTERMS.modified" content="2017-07-10T20:57:05" scheme="DCTERMS.W3CDTF"/><meta name="DCTERMS.provenance" content="" xml:lang="en-CA"/><meta name="DCTERMS.subject" content="," xml:lang="en-CA"/><link rel="schema.DC" href="http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/" hreflang="en"/><link rel="schema.DCTERMS" href="http://purl.org/dc/terms/" hreflang="en"/><link rel="schema.DCTYPE" href="http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/" hreflang="en"/><link rel="schema.DCAM" href="http://purl.org/dc/dcam/" hreflang="en"/><style type="text/css">
	@page {  }
	table { border-collapse:collapse; border-spacing:0; empty-cells:show }
	td, th { vertical-align:top; font-size:12pt;}
	h1, h2, h3, h4, h5, h6 { clear:both }
	ol, ul { margin:0; padding:0;}
	li { list-style: none; margin:0; padding:0;}
	<!-- "li span.odfLiEnd" - IE 7 issue-->
	li span. { clear: both; line-height:0; width:0; height:0; margin:0; padding:0; }
	span.footnodeNumber { padding-right:1em; }
	span.annotation_style_by_filter { font-size:95%; font-family:Arial; background-color:#fff000;  margin:0; border:0; padding:0;  }
	* { margin:0;}
	.P1 { color:#00000a; font-size:12pt; line-height:120%; margin-bottom:0.139in; margin-top:0in; text-align:left ! important; font-family:Liberation Serif; writing-mode:lr-tb; }
	.P2 { color:#00000a; font-size:12pt; line-height:120%; margin-bottom:0.0972in; margin-top:0in; text-align:left ! important; font-family:Liberation Serif; writing-mode:lr-tb; margin-left:0in; margin-right:0in; text-indent:0in; }
	.P3 { color:#00000a; font-size:12pt; line-height:120%; margin-bottom:0.0972in; margin-top:0in; text-align:left ! important; font-family:Liberation Serif; writing-mode:lr-tb; }
	.T1 { color:#000000; font-family:Helvetica; font-size:11pt; letter-spacing:normal; font-style:normal; text-decoration:none ! important; font-weight:bold; }
	.T10 { color:#6a3eb5; font-family:Helvetica, sans-serif; font-size:11pt; letter-spacing:normal; font-style:normal; text-decoration:underline; font-weight:bold; }
	.T2 { color:#000000; font-family:Helvetica, sans-serif; font-size:11pt; letter-spacing:normal; font-style:normal; font-weight:bold; }
	.T3 { color:#000000; font-family:Helvetica, sans-serif; font-size:11pt; letter-spacing:normal; font-style:normal; font-weight:normal; }
	.T4 { color:#000000; font-family:Helvetica, sans-serif; font-size:11pt; letter-spacing:normal; font-style:normal; font-weight:normal; background-color:#ffff00; }
	.T5 { color:#000000; font-family:Helvetica, sans-serif; font-size:11pt; letter-spacing:normal; font-style:normal; font-weight:normal; }
	.T6 { color:#000000; font-family:Helvetica, sans-serif; font-size:11pt; letter-spacing:normal; font-style:italic; font-weight:normal; }
	.T7 { color:#000000; font-family:Helvetica, sans-serif; font-size:11pt; letter-spacing:normal; font-style:italic; font-weight:normal; background-color:#ffff00; }
	.T8 { color:#000000; letter-spacing:normal; }
	.T9 { color:#6a3eb5; font-family:Helvetica, sans-serif; font-size:11pt; letter-spacing:normal; font-style:italic; text-decoration:underline; font-weight:bold; }
	<!-- ODF styles with no properties representable as CSS -->
	 { }
	</style></head><body dir="ltr" style="max-width:8.5in;margin-top:0.7874in; margin-bottom:0.7874in; margin-left:0.7874in; margin-right:0.7874in; writing-mode:lr-tb; "><p class="P1"><span class="T1">About</span></p><p class="P2"><span class="T3">Once upon a time, in 1984, a twenty-seven-year-old woman named Janet Banks was reassessing her career choice. Up until that point, she had spent seven years at The Bay; finding her niche as a very successful security officer. Janet’s job was burning her out and she needed to rejuvenate her spirit.</span></p><p class="P2"><span class="T3">Then the opportunity of a lifetime knocked on her door; an “easy desk job” as a security administrator at the Royal Ontario Museum (ROM). This would be a wonderland for her like no other. It was the chance to come to work every day and be surrounded by awe-inspiring art and artifacts as well as scientific and natural wonders. This job would be much simpler than her previous one and would give Janet a chance to reinvent herself, explore her softer side and figure out what to do with the rest of her life.</span></p><p class="P2"><span class="T3">Little did she know that this “mentorship” was going to be way more than she ever expected!</span></p><p class="P2"><span class="T6">Mentor Me Through This Wonderland</span><span class="T3"> is based on actual events that happened at the Royal Ontario Museum and is set at a time when women were beginning to gain a foothold into the “old boys club”. Adapted by Lorne Hiro, </span><span class="T6">Mentor Me Through This Wonderland</span><span class="T3"> is from the first two chapters of the unpublished memoirs of Janet Banks and was originally entitled, </span><span class="T6">Friends with Benefits</span><span class="T3">.</span></p><p class="P2"><span class="T2">Bios</span></p><p class="P2"><span class="T3">JANET BANKS (writer): “I am inspired by the human condition as it unfolds around me a million times every day, next door and across the oceans. I have had the opportunity to travel the world and observe how the human condition is informed by culture, history and world events. People tell me stories and I attempt to capture them for the stage.”</span></p><p class="P2"><span class="T3">Janet worked for the Royal Ontario Museum from 1984 - 1990  as a security administrator; then promoted to Head of Security two years later. This promotion was historical as she was the first woman to hold this type of management position at the museum and in addition to this, she was the youngest person to do so. During her career, a few highlights included shaking hands with Queen Elizabeth II, playing hide and seek with an international jewel thief and personally escorting the road transport of precious Jewish artifacts, from Houston to Toronto, while under a terrorist threat from the PLO.</span></p><p class="P2"><span class="T4">Written plays (unpublished) include: </span></p><p class="P2"><span class="T6">The Acorn Trilogy (Dirty Little Secret, My Brother’s Keeper, </span><span class="T5">and </span><span class="T6">Inspiration Stump), 1000 Cleopatras, Hand Washing Techniques, Pilgrimage, Season Tickets, Maybe its Mabeleen, Rice Pudding, In the Beginning, Wilde’s Women </span><span class="T5">and</span><span class="T6"> Sundance</span><span class="T7">,</span><span class="T4"> of which four were produced.</span></p><p class="P2"><span class="T3">Janet has had the privilege of having two incredible mentors: the Interim Head of Security of the ROM who hired her, and Timothy Findley. When she first met Timothy, it was in a class for aspiring writers. While critiquing students’ work in class and after reading her first piece, Timothy told Janet: “</span><span class="T6">All I can say to you is just keep writing</span><span class="T3">.” Before he passed away, Janet had the amazing experience of corresponding with Timothy while she wrote </span><span class="T6">Pilgrimage</span><span class="T3">.</span></p><p class="P2"><span class="T6">Mentor Me Through This Wonderland</span><span class="T3"> was originally an unfinished book entitled </span><span class="T6">Friends with Benefits</span><span class="T3"> and was adapted for the stage by her widowed husband, Lorne Hiro. Janet passed away November 2011.</span></p><p class="P2"><span class="T8"> </span></p><p class="P2"><span class="T3">LORNE HIRO (actor, writer, producer): Lorne was privileged to perform in three of Janet’s plays: (</span><span class="T6">My Brother’s Keeper, Maybe It’s Mabeleen, </span><span class="T5">and</span><span class="T6"> Inspiration Stump</span><span class="T3">) and to direct </span><span class="T6">Rice Pudding</span><span class="T3">. As founder of Hiroic Productions, he performed and produced the English version of </span><span class="T6">Being at Home with Claude</span><span class="T3"> (René-Daniel Dubois), as seen at the London (ON), Hamilton and Windsor Fringe Festivals in 2009 and the Toronto Fringe Festival in 2010. At the same 2009 festival, he also performed in the  Jeeperz Crow/Cheshire Unicorn co-production of </span><span class="T6">Crazy Gary’s Mobile Disco</span><span class="T3"> (Gary Owen). Lorne was also proud to be involved the indie film </span><span class="T9">Kidnap Capital</span><span class="T3"> (Felipé Rodriguez), which received rave reviews in the film festival circuit.</span></p><p class="P2"><span class="T8"> </span></p><p class="P2"><span class="T3">SALLY JONES (director): Sally has been an actor, director, and producer in the US and Canada. She received her Masters and PhD in Drama from the University of Toronto. From 2000 to 2011 she was the Artistic Director of the Dora Award winning </span><span class="T6">Rasik Arts</span><span class="T3">, Canada’s first theatre company devoted to South Asian theatre . When she first came to Toronto she remembers the ROM was ‘under construction’ and it seemed to be forever since. In 1984 she vividly remembers the Japanese performance group </span><span class="T6">Sankai Juku</span><span class="T3"> hanging down the north side of the ROM into the green grass that is now the Lee-Chin Crystal entrance. She has performed in the ROM twice and has directed two other projects that took place in the ROM – one a specially written piece by Deepak Morris taking place in the South Asian exhibit.</span></p><p class="P2"><span class="T8"> </span></p><p class="P2"><span class="T3">ERIN ELDERSHAW (fight choreographer): Erin is a Toronto-based actor, dancer, and fighter, currently certified as an Advanced Actor Combatant with the Fight Directors of Canada. As a fight choreographer, independent theatre credits include: </span><span class="T6">Getting Odd</span><span class="T3"> (HollyWould Productions), </span><span class="T6">Snow White</span><span class="T3"> (The Army of Sass Toronto), and will be fighting in an upcoming short film </span><span class="T6">The Witness Box</span><span class="T3"> (Witness Box Productions). Erin wants to thank Luke Marty for being her constant mentor/partner in all things. Quick memory: performing a puppet version of </span><span class="T6">Hamlet </span><span class="T3">in the basement of the Royal Ontario Museum with only four cast members to an audience of three hundred rowdy children on their March Break (Shakey-Shake and Friends).</span></p><p class="P2"><span class="T8"> </span></p><p class="P2"><span class="T3">FIONA HAQUE (actor): Fiona has been blessed with many exceptional mentors throughout her dance and theatre training: people who taught her skills and concepts that have helped to shape her as an artist whether it was how to write in iambic pentameter or the minutiae of how to "be" a turkey. But when it comes down to it, nearly everything she does seems to come back to her main man, Billy Shakes. She read his </span><span class="T6">Romeo &amp; Juliet</span><span class="T3">, in the sixth grade and ever since then, she knew that she had to spend the rest of her life affecting people that way and creating something just as moving and meaningful.</span></p><p class="P2"><span class="T8"> </span></p><p class="P2"><span class="T3">TRACY RANKIN (actor): Recent theatre credits include: </span><span class="T6">The Stronger</span><span class="T3"> and T</span><span class="T6">he Way of All Fish</span><span class="T3"> (Kourage Theatre), </span><span class="T6">Forests</span><span class="T3"> and </span><span class="T6">Three Sisters</span><span class="T3"> (Durham Arts Resource Centre), </span><span class="T6">Welcome Death</span><span class="T3"> </span><span class="T3">(Fourth Line Theatre). She also recently wrote and staged her first solo play </span><span class="T6">In the</span><span class="T3"> </span><span class="T6">Valleys We Grow</span><span class="T3"> (SOULO Theatre) and looks forward to expanding and remounting the play later this year.</span></p><p class="P2"><span class="T3">Her transformational mentorship moment happened when she was a young theatre student taking a summer program in Surrey, England. She headed to London for the day to catch some West End theatre and watched Vanessa Redgrave perform the role of Isadora Duncan in </span><span class="T6">When She Danced</span><span class="T3">. Tracy was in awe of the power of her presence and how she captured an entire audience by her profoundly beautiful portrayal. At that moment in time, there was nothing else that she wanted to do or achieve in her life. Just to capture those live moments of stillness on a stage seemed to me to be the most incredible life possible!</span></p><p class="P2"><span class="T8"> </span></p><p class="P2"><span class="T3">GABRIEL CAMERON (actor): Gabriel was born in Hertfordshire and attended the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art where he received the Merriam T Thornbury Award of Distinguishment as well as the C.M. Burns Award for Outstanding Achievement in the Field of Excellence… Ok so none of that is true, but it sounded cool, didn't it? And you totally believed it for a second. Alright, here's the truth:</span></p><p class="P2"><span class="T3">Gabriel got into acting through improv during high school and currently studies at Lonsdale Smith &amp; Co Studios, which has not only helped him grow as an artist but as a person as well. He credits his cousin and mentor Stefano DiMatteo for spurring many changes in his life. He remembers one conversation in particular where he was posed the question; "what do you want to do with your life?" Gabriel was drifting aimlessly through life at the time and had no response. Fast forward a few years later and Gabriel is pursuing what he loves. He would like to thank Stefano for his unending support and guidance.</span></p><p class="P2"><span class="T8"> </span></p><p class="P2"><span class="T3">CHRISTOPHER ZAMAT (actor): Chris is immensely grateful to all the teachers and mentors whose paths he has been fortunate enough to cross so early on his journey through acting. In particular, he is indebted to Shannon Lawson for all of the blood, sweat, and tears she has painstakingly put in to help mentor and shape Chris, not only as an actor and artist but as a person as well. Having worked with the likes of Shirley Maclaine, Samuel L. Jackson, and Jeff Daniels, Shannon has been able to share her experiences as a Canadian award-winning actress; not only in the form of invaluable skills and tools for the craft, but also in the form of guidance and wisdom in all things relating to acting, relationships, business and life. Shannon has always, always been there for Chris as a teacher, mentor, and a friend, and Chris will always be eternally indebted to her for her friendship, and for teaching him not to put her to sleep.</span></p><p class="P2"><span class="T8"> </span></p><p class="P2"><span class="T3">FRANCESCO GALLE  (artist) is an established painter, illustrator and graphic artist in Canada and his native Italy. Born in the southern region of Calabria, he emigrated with his family at the age of six and grew up in Toronto’s Little Italy, where he still lives today.</span></p><p class="P2"><span class="T3">Gallé credits his childhood days in the mountain town of Serra San Bruno with his affinity for the Canadian wilderness, a major subject of his work. His desire to preserve this natural landscape and our connection with it are entwined with the other key theme of his art: paying homage to the traditions of southern Italian culture.</span></p><p class="P2"><span class="T3">Gallé’s eclectic style employs techniques as diverse as pencil drawing and non-brush painting. Often the simplicity of composition and prominent use of white space recall old master drawings. At times his heavy brushstrokes and saturated colours are more akin to the work of his mentor, celebrated Canadian abstract artist Richard Gorman.</span></p><p class="P2"><span class="T3">His work has been exhibited widely, including shows at the Bata Shoe Museum, De Luca Fine Art Gallery, and the Lonsdale Gallery (Toronto), and Palazzio Florio (Sicily). Awards include Applied Arts (2008, 2009) in Canada and a Certosa (2009) in Italy.</span></p><p class="P2"><span class="T8"> </span></p><p class="P2"><span class="T3"> ZOLTAN HAWRYLUK (webmaster) has been developing websites since the web began in the 1990s. Along with creating award-winning websites for major Canadian and global brands, he has also worked on several Fringe productions sites, including </span><span class="T6">Selling Love, Rice Pudding, </span><span class="T9">Being At Home With Claude</span><span class="T3">, and the Jeeperz Crow production of </span><span class="T6">Crazy Gary's Mobile Disco</span><span class="T3">. When he's not coding for clients, he writes about the latest web technologies on his blog </span><span class="T10">User Agent Man </span><span class="T3">and acts as the lead crooner with his lounge-punk band, </span><span class="T10">Conflicting Plaid</span><span class="T3">.</span></p><p class="P3"> </p></body></html>